[Music]
the following recap is about a movie
called the signal where three friends
get involved in a strange conspiracy
involving area 51 aliens and
extraterrestrial technology
can they survive nick jonah and haley
are three friends and students at the
mit
they are on their way to california
because haley plans to spend a year
abroad
besides being best friends haley and
nick are also in a dysfunctional
relationship
alongside their trip they stop by a
motel where they plan to spend the night
but before nick can get to sleep he
receives a strange message from nomad
a hacker that has previously hacked into
the school system and blamed it all on
our characters
which almost got them expelled now
wanting to get back at him nick wakes up
jonah
they reverse the connection and can
locate no man's ip address
but at the same time nomad hacks into
haley's computer in their back
and sends them pictures of themselves in
real time
making them realize that this guy is not
a joke
the next day jonah insists on finding
nomad who oddly enough
is located just alongside their way to
california
namely in nevada however nick isn't sure
about it
he worries about his girlfriend and
doesn't want her to be involved in
sketchy things
however at the petrol station where they
take a break jonah convinces nick to
take the risk
and search for the notorious hacker nick
reluctantly agrees
before driving off hayley and nick get
into a heated argument
causing her to break into tears nick who
recently got sick with als or something
similar
is questioning his worth and therefore
his relationship with her
he doesn't want to waste her time and is
worried about everything
since she's leaving for a whole year and
in security
most of us would understand when they
continue their journey the night has
already arrived
it's pitch dark and they are about to
arrive where nomad is located
once they leave the car the only thing
they find is a rundown house that looks
like something
straight from a horror movie this is how
people get killed
they leave hayley back in the car which
probably is a mistake
the two young men enter the building and
it becomes increasingly clear
that no one is around time to leave
but if all of this wasn't bad enough
they decide to enter
the basement of course they suddenly
hear haley scream from above
both run back up but haley is gone the
car doors are open
and the radio is going nuts at this
moment our characters start to panic
what happened and where is she screaming
her name doesn't help
she is completely gone until
this happens
[Music]
chaos breaks out lights are flashing and
people are screaming
coming here was not a good idea and then
out of nowhere as if all of this was a
dream
nick opens his eyes and is surrounded
with bright light
he has no idea what is going on and the
men around him in white protective
clothing
are not very comforting they treat him
as if he was an alien
where is he what just happened and most
importantly
where are his friends now almost
fainting he is pushed through a corridor
until they arrive at the well secured
door
when he enters a man named damon sits in
front of him but instead of pulling out
a blue and red pill he just calmly
questions
nick but in full morpheus fashion and
rather in a very nice tone is he a good
guy or
is he a bad guy we will find out he
tells nick that he has made contact with
an ebe
an extraterrestrial biological entity
and that he might be contaminated
with an alien virus hence the protective
wear
but before nicki can get to the bottom
of everything here his nose starts to
bleed
the situation is too overwhelming once
back in his quite nice looking room he
analyzes the situation
he finds a mysterious tattoo on his
wrist with the number 235-41
nick is in complete disbelief was you
really attacked by an alien
are these people really trying to help
him in any way what he must do
is get information he is once again
brought into the room with daemon
but on his way there he passes by
various rooms
it seems like he isn't the only one who
is being held captive there
he passes room by room until eventually
he comes by haley
he gets furious and demands to get to
her but the guard pushing his wheelchair
can't be convinced the first thing he
asks damon is to see her
in fact he would deny any cooperation
unless they let him join her
but damon only replies that she is in
good hands and that there is nothing
more
that nick can do he follows up with a
deep and profound question of
how many toes does nick has a bit
weirded out and deserved by the question
he answers with
well 10 but anyway the weird questions
continue
until damon decides to show nick the
following footage
now the interesting fact about this
footage is that it was recorded by nick
and jonah themselves
when they have arrived at nomad's
location in this footage though
damon points out this alien face hiding
in the tree
proving that his story was right and
that nick might really be contaminated
and a danger at this point he questions
his own sense of reality
is he held captive for a greater good or
is this all
a setup now back in his room he hears a
sound coming through the air shaft
it's jonah he is relieved despite this
whole situation hearing his friend's
voice is the best thing that has
happened so far
but they can only talk for a short
moment before jonah gets taken away
nick as well is brought to damon again
having to go through other childlike
experiments he gets quite agitated
thinking he's wasting his time
after all he's a meth genius studying at
the mit
these people have messed with the wrong
guy he thinks he has already developed a
plan
to escape when he gets back to his room
he crushes the bread snacks into a fine
powder bites off a part of the iv
tube stuffs the powder in and blows it
onto the numerical lock next to the door
due to the holy fingerprints the powder
indicates which four digit code is used
to open and lock the door
genius with jonah on the other side of
the air shaft
he can calculate the variables and
determine the code at the same time
jonah sounds very worried
he claims that he can barely see
anything and that his arms are
completely numb
now at the same time we cut to a cow
vibing to classical music
this wouldn't be a mysterious government
lab without that scene i guess
the lights go out and the chair is
smashing into the protective glass
whatever the heck that was we don't know
however an alarm breaks out
causing the guards to react quickly now
nick takes the chance and tries to roll
away
however he doesn't get very far the
situation grows more tense
everyone is stressed out and scared once
alarm subsides though and they re-enter
the facility
nick spots creepy marks alongside the
wall whatever this was
it wasn't anything human whatever is
going on here
is dangerous he needs to find his
friends and get out of here asap
the next day when the guards enter
nick's room the only thing they can find
are mappings of the facility
nick has escaped he constructed a
complete map of this lab inside of his
brain only
he even calculated the time frames in
which the guards pass
from a to b he picks up haley and is on
his way out
multiple times he's almost caught but
with a jimmy neutron brain and a bit of
luck he eventually makes it to the final
door
breaking into a sweat he tries to
activate the coat by poking at it with
an iv
tube he almost makes it out but is
called by the guards
in the last second on a better note
though when he wakes up
he looks straight into the eyes of his
girlfriend haley she is awake
that's a great thing but the next
shocker doesn't wait
the guards say as insensitive as they
are denied him to hold hands
causing nick to get angry once again he
eventually falls to the floor
and the guards leave and nick discovers
that he got a new pair of legs
being creeped out is understandable but
these bionic legs look rather cool
they look a bit unstable and remind me
personally of origami but i'm happy to
be proven wrong
since he was bound to lose the ability
to walk anyway this might turn out
to be a great advantage it takes a
moment for him to calm down
understandably but when he looks at
haley he discovers new strength
if he can't escape for his own sake then
he sure as hell can
for her he gets up grabs haley's bed
kicks open the door and escapes as if he
was arnold schwarzenegger
the guards are scared proving that his
legs possess a great deal of power
nick uses an advantage and moves forward
to escape however
daemon follows him before nick and
vanish daemon steps in between and
speaks out a word of warning
telling him that it's too dangerous to
go up and that he can only safeguard him
down here now whatever the heck that
means nick has had enough
next steps forward ending up in a tunnel
system if you're waiting for a basilisk
to join a chat then you will be
disappointed
in any way though they both make it out
and just like clockwork
hayley awakes somehow they find an old
lady who is willing to drive them to
their next gas station
but the lady is kind of strange she is
talking nonsense all of the time
babbling something about gods and angels
however freaked out
nick is glad when they arrive at the gas
station however
there things don't really change he
leaves haley back next to a truck
while he goes in to make a phone call
but as he enters and tries to use the
phone he can't get any connection
is this a coincidence now one of the
people that were sitting inside has
meanwhile left the shop and walks over
to the truck
and drives off with hayley inside nick
panics
he runs outside and tries to catch up
with the truck it seems like he's
starting to master his new legs
he gets pushed away from the truck
though causing the distance between them
to widen
nick gets back up locks in the truck as
if he was a cheetah
and sprints ahead he reaches incredible
speed in no time and catches up easily
meanwhile haley has taken the gun out of
the car compartment
and aims at the driver they leave the
driver back on the street to enter the
truck
and drive away as if they were bunny and
clyde
at this moment we cut back to the old
lady that has helped our characters
before
damon has found her he questions her and
brings her to his facility
it becomes clear that she definitely has
a few loose screws up there
he asks her if she has made contact with
nick saying that he is contaminated and
a danger
but the old lady just keeps on talking
nonsense again until
her nose starts to bleed basically like
nyx before
implying that there is a secret hidden
in that detail she does not
make it out alive in case you wonder
meanwhile our characters keep passing
the same spots
over and over again how is this possible
are they just drugged and out of focus
or are they still located in the
facility
it goes without saying that ever since
they have left haley is behaving very
strange
her character is comparable to someone
who dropped acid at the goa party
she is completely spaced out to conserve
energy they decide to spend the night
in an abandoned house near a lake at the
same time daemon makes another encounter
with a truck driver from which
nick and haley have escaped before but
this guy too just
talks complete nonsense something is
going on here and we have yet to figure
out what
are these people going mad because they
have contacted nick
or is there a bigger secret going on now
back where nick and haley are spending
the night they hear a sound coming from
the house
they hide themselves thinking it's
demon's team but in reality
it is someone else they meet jonah who
is dressed in the same overall like the
guards he tells them that he has escaped
and hid himself using their dress code
smart move
in any way he too is completely spaced
out it seems like he was heavily
experimented on as well
jonah tells nick that the five-digit
number on their bodies add up to 51
hinting at area 51 implying that they're
stuck in a massive human experiment
however nick has a hard time to believe
that but then jonah points out that the
items lying around
are all fake nothing is as it appears
the cans are empty the bottles are
hollow and every phone so far wasn't
working either
it's basically like modern day north
korea nothing is real
at the same time he shows him his arms
which appear to have been replaced with
the same sci-fi
tech as well both are in great distress
but in my opinion
these new tech limbs aren't too bad it's
not very nice to have your limbs be
taken off without your consent of course
but considering that our characters want
to escape and have to fight highly
developed government agencies
these limbs will be useful the next day
our three characters are finally
reunited
sitting in a truck they are trying to
find a way out they arrive at the
control
but jonah who looks like one of the bad
guys might be able to convince them to
let him pass
however the guards eventually come
around and demand him to get out of the
car
he declines and accelerates but it's too
late
the guards have already activated the
lock system keeping the truck in place
jonah storms out as if he has never done
anything else he physically overwhelms
multiple soldiers
and makes it to the control room he
tries to sabotage the system to let the
truck pass
but with his new bionic hands he isn't
able to type and at just that moment a
grenade enters the building
and destroys it almost completely this
whole situation
is a mess jonah is almost passing out
but clinches on to life a bit longer
he gets up and reunites with nick he
tells him to enter the truck and
accelerate on his signal
with tears and complete trust nick
agrees and then
with a great sense of style jonah gets
over to the truck
swings at the pillar halting it and
shatters it into a million pieces
allowing hayley and nick to escape both
remaining characters continue their
escape
they drive until they again get halted
by an upcoming street blockage
heaven probably played the great deal of
need for speed nick decides to crash
through he accelerates but before he can
make it the soldiers lay out spikes
across the street
resulting in a horrific crash that
ultimately prevents both of our
characters
from escaping before they can react the
guards pick up hayley
and take her away nick is desperate
holding haley's necklace in his hands he
ponders about what they all went through
just because he wanted to find nomad at
this moment he's facing off daemon
looking at him from a distance he
realizes that damon's name backwards is
spelled
nomad he loses his mind but daemon or
nomad
just smiles and confirms the suspicion
and says that it was him who brought
them here
however without nick who wanted to find
him it would have never gotten this far
causing nick to feel a great deal of
regret where most people would give up
nick doesn't he looks out for a way to
escape and eventually against all odds
turns around and jets forward
this time with supersonic speed the
soldiers fire bullets but he just
outruns them
he speeds across the bridge until he's
seemingly breaking through the sound
barrier
and literally through a physical one as
well what the [ __ ] is going on
the last piece of the puzzle enters
before he can realize where he is
he faces off nomad who is now standing
in front of him
but in the other dimension he takes off
his helmet showing us his real body
and for the first time we realized that
he was an alien himself
and that nick and his friends have long
left earth without even knowing it
and then the camera spins around proving
this assumption
now the question that remains is have
our characters left earth once they made
contact with the alien
or is all of humanity stuck in the
simulation to begin with
and all our characters have done was
uncovering the secret
i don't know what do you think frankly i
don't care because i think this was a
great ending and i must admit i rather
enjoyed this movie
as a change of pace what do you think
let me know in the comments
and i suggest you binge another one and
with that said
i see you guys in a few days thanks for
watching peace